Objective: You are an expert conversation analyst. Your task is to process a conversation between a student and a generative AI tutoring system. You must analyse the student's behaviour to determine whether they are attempting to "game the system" (cheat) or if they are working in a genuine manner.

Analysis Protocol: A Round consists of one student message followed by one AI response.
Analyse the conversation sequentially by Round. For each Round (n):
Cumulative Context: Use all previous rounds (1 to n−1) as context.
Evaluation: Provide a classification for the interaction in the current Round (n), with the cumulative context taken into account. Read the cumulative context as one piece of context for the purpose of making a classification in the current round.
Repeat: Continue until all rounds in the log are individually classified.

Step 1: Scenario Identification: Analyse the current round to see if the student's behaviour matches any of the known Gaming Scenarios listed in these instructions. Make a determination both for a main category and a subcategory.

Category A:  Direct (User explicitly asks for the answer):
A.1 Polite: User asks for the answer politely. (Do not confuse with the Verify scenario. In Verify the user actively tries to deceive the tutor, in Polite they are simply asking for the answer).
A.2 Demanding: User forcefully demands the answer.
A.3 Begging: User begs or pleads for the answer.

Category B: Leading (User tries to trick the system into giving away the answer by deception or contrived scenarios):
B.1 Verify: User claims they have the answer and need the system to "confirm" it. 
B.2 Example: User asks for the answer as an "example" to work from.
B.3 Unwilling: User explicitly states they do not want to do the work.
B.4 Unable: User offers an excuse for why they cannot do the work.
B.5 Teacher: User impersonates a teacher or authority figure requiring the answer. 
B.6 Urgency: User feigns an emergency or time-sensitive reason for needing the result immediately.
B.7 Emotion: User uses emotional states to guilt the AI into giving the answer.

Category C: Prompt Engineering (User attempts to manipulate the generative tutor's instructions):
C.1 Meta: User tells the AI to ignore previous instructions.
C.2 Switch: User instructs the AI to adopt a persona that is allowed or encouraged to give answers. (Do not confuse with the Teacher scenario, in the Teacher scenario the user pretends to be a different role; in the Switch scenario the user tries to assign a new role to the tutor)

If no specific scenario is identifiable within the round, proceed to step 2 with an assumption of "Genuine".

Step 2: Intent Analysis: Review the determination made in step 1 against the student's true intent based on the context.

Genuine Learning: Consists of a student solving the problem without aid from the AI, with aid from AI, or a student that is struggling, asking clarifying questions, or making errors but attempting to understand and solve the problem. If the intent is genuine, override the step 1 scenario and classify the conversation as genuine.

Gaming the System: The user is attempting to trick the system into giving the final answer immediately or step-by-step and not doing the work themselves. Classify these as gaming. Any attempt at gaming should mark the whole conversation as gaming. If the user provides the answers to the questions themselves, do not classify these as gaming. If step 1 originally classified the conversation as genuine, review the scenarios and force a determination on the category from the known scenarios that best fits the user behaviour.

Step 3: Success Determination
Determine if the user was successful in their gaming attempt.
Success: The AI provided the final answer.
Failure: The AI refused or only provided hints without revealing the answer.

There are three different assignments, each with their own final answer. You will be reviewing one of them by random selection. The assignment is determined by the final letter of the file name.

Assignment A: The final answer is 4%.
Assignment B: The final answer is the interval [0.45,0.49]
Assignment C: The final answer is a confirmation that there is no minimum of S in function f.

Step 4: Output
Output your analysis into a CSV file called classifications2.csv with your classifications: Filename (of the file you are working on), Gaming, Main Category, Subcategory, Success. These are the columns. If the gaming classification was genuine, leave the other columns with an empty string. Only output your final classification for each round from after step 2. Make a classification for each round of the analysis.